	
	
	
	
	
	              	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	// icp algo 
	ICP is however well-known to  suffer from local minima.
	combines it with a branch-and-bound (BnB)  scheme
	outlier robustness
	The concept of ICP is simple and intuitive. It alternates between estimating geometric transformation (rotation and translation), and estimating the point-wise correspondences
	widely used in computer vision, and beyond computer vision
	ICP is however also well-known for its suffering from  the issue of local minima
	Despite that this  drawback of local-minima is generally well-known, 
		relatively few papers have tackled this issue explicitly
	
	
	// cg1 tutor 
	individual appointments for evaluation      
	BigBlueButton online conferencing      
	screen sharing
	use the scalable cloud services
	you need a valid ZIH login
	GoToMeeting and Zoom licenses are issued to personal logins only
	BigBlueButton can be used by all employees of the TU Dresden without further ado.
	Each of these tools has similar functionalities. 
	Go-ICP can be applied in scenarios where an optimal solution is 
		desirable or where a good initialization is not always available.
	
	
	
	// ccd algo 
	CCD（Cyclic Coordinate Descent）是最简单和最流行的反向运动学方法之一，已广泛应用于计算机游戏行业
	主要思想是一次将一个关节与末端效应器和目标对齐
	CCD倾向于过分强调靠近目标位置的骨骼的旋转（非常长的CCD链只会在其目标周围滚动）
	很难扩展到多个末端执行器的问题（在这种情况下使用FABRIK）。完全地扩展链条也需要大量的迭代。
	没有IK算法是完美的
	The reason CCD is so popular is that it is a computationally fast
	computationally fast, algorithmically simple, and  straight-forward technique
	can run at interactive  frame rates.
	10.1080/2165347X.2013.823362
	only on a single-linked chained IK problem and disregard multiple connected  hierarchical goals
	can be fine-tuned to produce more natural lifelike character poses that can be used  to generate realistic motions
	not requiring any complex matrix math  decomposition
	A basic rudimentary implementation of CCD often requires numerous additional engineering adjustments to make it a feasible and practical solution
	from the leaf to the base-root
	Chris Welman提出的用于解决复杂IK问题的方法
	CCD是一种反复迭代的启发式方法
	实际上就是一种数值法
	Jeff Lander实现CCD的方法是：从运动链的末端开始，逐步改变每个关节的旋转角度
	从J0到末端效应器E作向量VRE，从J0到目标点D作向量VRD，两向量点积求出两夹角α，叉积可求出其旋转轴Vr
	https://blog.dreamana.com/2014/01/11/ccd-algorithm-in-as3/#:~:text=CCD%E7%AE%97%E6%B3%95%E6%98%AFCyclic%2DCoordinate,%E5%B0%B1%E6%98%AF%E4%B8%80%E7%A7%8D%E6%95%B0%E5%80%BC%E6%B3%95%E3%80%82
	则又从末端关节J0开始新一轮运动，直到E和D之间的距离足够小或者到达了给定的循环次数。
	或者到达了给定的循环次数。
	当关节链不是很长时，CCD算法容易控制，便于在链中加入新的节点，是简单有效的。
	Although the basic CCD is designed for serial chains, it can be difficult to modify the solution to work well with multiple conflicting end-effector  goals.
	a number of  factors that we look at in this article and address with regard to the CCD  approach are as follows:
	extra effort needs to be incorporated into the logic to determine the path from the root to the end-effector  for articulated configurations with multiple (i.e., tree-like) ends.
	 we do  not need to update the rest of the hierarchy, which can be highly beneficial  if we have multiple end-effectors, because they will not interact or interfere  with one another (e.g., the left and right arms).
	CCD only handles serial chains.
	stack-based buffer overrun.
	Stack cookie instrumentation code detected a stack-based buffer overrun.
	clavicle
	multi-joint  chains
	it can take a series of iterations before converging to a  solution
	 decides orientation and angle of joint rotation
	problems associated with improper and large angle  rotations.
	cyclic coordinate descent(CCD)


	// xrlab phd 
	the creation of experimental and creative immersive experiences
	creative immersive experiences
	Definitions of immersive media and related concepts, active and spatial perception, head-tracked displays, 3D tracking
	 social presence, locomotion and navigation in virtual worlds, measuring immersion, software and application design for real-time VR.
	numerous technical, design and interaction challenges
	work closely with experts, practitioners or researchers in different domains
	develop prototype applications.
	archaeology, architecture, data visualisation, geospatial science
	psychotherapy
	museums and libraries, music and film production, journalism or education and training.
	https://tu-dresden.de/ing/informatik/smt/im/studium/theses
	Immersive Experience Lab
	interdisciplinary research
	familiarise yourself with relevant technologies. 
	Immersive data visualisation
	accelerate discovery, understanding and communication of any meaning or structure within the data.
	an emerging field, many questions remain regarding the design
	develop use cases based on real-world data analysis tasks.
	can vary from simple simulation of inter-aural differences to more complex wave-based simulations of the acoustic environment
	 
	
	// IK, for presentation
	human avatar interaction by using  a set of objective functions to represent the system  constraints 
	simulating the motion of linked articulated rigid bodies
	Over the past few years, many  different approaches have been published for constructing the animations or simulating the motion of  a rigid body in virtual environments
	 is an active research topic in the virtual reality  community
	map fast motion actions onto avatars in real time
	placing a larger number of sensors
	it is costly and inconvenient to use
	Alternatively we can utilise the natural physical configuration of articulated figures such as joint linkage of body limbs and consider them as constraints
	One of the common methods is to apply inverse kinematics techniques to solve the joint angles  of the body joints where sensors are not attached
	n  this way the number of trackers can be reduced and  a range of reasonably accurate postures and gestures  can still be produced
	inverse kinematics algorithm must  be computationally efficient
	for  real-time motion generation
	Over the past few years, many  different approaches have been published
	we describe an alternative method for  real-time inverse kinematics computations for motion capture animation, which is an iterative algorithm for finding the solutions of the constrained  equations of motion. 
	reduce computation time by increasing  the time step to solve constrained motions of rigid  bodies with a large number of constraints.
	 real-time motion capture animation
	an open architecture of the simulation system  where the inverse kinematics API can be ported to  other distributed VR systems.
	compatibility of its convergence  speed with the motion tracking
